src/UI/on.md, before:

Listen to broadcast events from Puter. If the broadcast was received before attaching the handler, then the handler is called immediately with the most recent value.


## Syntax
```js
puter.ui.on(eventName, handler)
```

## Parameters

#### `eventName` (String)
Name of the event to listen to.

#### `handler` (Function)
Callback function run when the broadcast event is received.

## Broadcasts
Possible broadcasts are:

#### `localeChanged`
Sent on app startup, and whenever the user's locale on Puter is changed. The value passed to `handler` is:
```js
{
    language, // (String) Language identifier, such as 'en' or 'pt-BR'
}
```

#### `themeChanged`
Sent on app startup, and whenever the user's desktop theme on Puter is changed. The value passed to `handler` is:
```js
{
    palette: {
        primaryHue,         // (Float) Hue of the theme color
        primarySaturation,  // (String) Saturation of the theme color as a percentage, with % sign
        primaryLightness,   // (String) Lightness of the theme color as a percentage, with % sign
        primaryAlpha,       // (Float) Opacity of the theme color from 0 to 1
        primaryColor,       // (String) CSS color value for text
    }
}
```

## Examples

```html
<html>
<body>
<script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
<script>
    puter.ui.on('localeChanged', function(locale) {
        alert(`User's preferred language code is: ${locale.language}!`);
    })
</script>
</body>
</html>
```

Commit message:

Add meta description to pages (#36)
* Init meta description logic

* Add overview section descriptions

* Add ai meta descriptions

* Add apps description

* Add auth meta desc

* Add FS meta descriptions

* Add workers meta description

* Add hosting meta desc

* Add KV meta desc

* Add networking to meta desc

* Add UI and drivers meta description

* Add utils meta desc

* Add objects meta desc

* Adjust router logic for updating description

* Update view page as markdown

src/UI/on.md, after:

---
title: puter.ui.on()
description: Listens to broadcast events from Puter.
---

Listen to broadcast events from Puter. If the broadcast was received before attaching the handler, then the handler is called immediately with the most recent value.


## Syntax
```js
puter.ui.on(eventName, handler)
```

## Parameters

#### `eventName` (String)
Name of the event to listen to.

#### `handler` (Function)
Callback function run when the broadcast event is received.

## Broadcasts
Possible broadcasts are:

#### `localeChanged`
Sent on app startup, and whenever the user's locale on Puter is changed. The value passed to `handler` is:
```js
{
    language, // (String) Language identifier, such as 'en' or 'pt-BR'
}
```

#### `themeChanged`
Sent on app startup, and whenever the user's desktop theme on Puter is changed. The value passed to `handler` is:
```js
{
    palette: {
        primaryHue,         // (Float) Hue of the theme color
        primarySaturation,  // (String) Saturation of the theme color as a percentage, with % sign
        primaryLightness,   // (String) Lightness of the theme color as a percentage, with % sign
        primaryAlpha,       // (Float) Opacity of the theme color from 0 to 1
        primaryColor,       // (String) CSS color value for text
    }
}
```

## Examples

```html
<html>
<body>
<script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
<script>
    puter.ui.on('localeChanged', function(locale) {
        alert(`User's preferred language code is: ${locale.language}!`);
    })
</script>
</body>
</html>
```
