src/UI/showSaveFilePicker.md, before:

Presents the user with a file picker dialog allowing them to specify where and with what name to save a file.

## Syntax
```js
puter.ui.showSaveFilePicker()
puter.ui.showSaveFilePicker(data, defaultFileName)
```

## Parameters
#### `defaultFileName` (String)
The default file name to use.

## Examples

```html
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <h1 id="file-name"></h1>

    <button id="save-file">Save file</button>
    <pre><code id="file-content"></code></pre>

    <script>
        document.getElementById('save-file').addEventListener('click', ()=>{
            puter.ui.showSaveFilePicker("Hello world! I'm the content of this file.", 'Untitled.txt').then(async (file)=>{
                // print file name
                document.getElementById('file-name').innerHTML = file.name;
                // print file content
                document.getElementById('file-content').innerText = await (await file.read()).text();
            });
        });
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

Commit message:

Add meta description to pages (#36)
* Init meta description logic

* Add overview section descriptions

* Add ai meta descriptions

* Add apps description

* Add auth meta desc

* Add FS meta descriptions

* Add workers meta description

* Add hosting meta desc

* Add KV meta desc

* Add networking to meta desc

* Add UI and drivers meta description

* Add utils meta desc

* Add objects meta desc

* Adjust router logic for updating description

* Update view page as markdown

src/UI/showSaveFilePicker.md, after:

---
title: puter.ui.showSaveFilePicker()
description: Presents a file picker dialog for specifying where and with what name to save a file.
---

Presents the user with a file picker dialog allowing them to specify where and with what name to save a file.

## Syntax
```js
puter.ui.showSaveFilePicker()
puter.ui.showSaveFilePicker(data, defaultFileName)
```

## Parameters
#### `defaultFileName` (String)
The default file name to use.

## Examples

```html
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <h1 id="file-name"></h1>

    <button id="save-file">Save file</button>
    <pre><code id="file-content"></code></pre>

    <script>
        document.getElementById('save-file').addEventListener('click', ()=>{
            puter.ui.showSaveFilePicker("Hello world! I'm the content of this file.", 'Untitled.txt').then(async (file)=>{
                // print file name
                document.getElementById('file-name').innerHTML = file.name;
                // print file content
                document.getElementById('file-content').innerText = await (await file.read()).text();
            });
        });
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```
