src/Objects/app.md, before:


## Attributes

#### `uid` (String)

A string containing the unique identifier of the app. This is a unique identifier generated by Puter when the app is created.

#### `name` (String)

A string containing the name of the app. 

#### `icon` (String)

A string containing the Data URL of the icon of the app. This is a base64 encoded image.

#### `description` (String)

A string containing the description of the app.


#### `title` (String)

A string containing the title of the app.

#### `maximize_on_start` (Boolean) (default: `false`)

A boolean value indicating whether the app should be maximized when it is started.

#### `index_url` (String)

A string containing the URL of the index file of the app. This is the file that will be loaded when the app is started.

#### `created_at` (String)

A string containing the date and time when the app was created. The format of the date and time is `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ`.

#### `background` (Boolean) (default: `false`)

A boolean value indicating whether the app should run in the background. If this is set to `true`.

#### `filetype_associations` (Array)

An array of strings containing the file types that the app can open. Each string should be in the format `".<extension>"` or `"mime/type"`. e.g. `[".txt", "image/png"]`. For a directory association, the string should be `.directory`.

#### `open_count` (Number)

A number containing the number of times the app has been opened. If the `stats_period` option is set to a value other than `all`, this will be the number of times the app has been opened in that period.

#### `user_count` (Number)

A number containing the number of users that have access to the app. If the `stats_period` option is set to a value other than `all`, this will be the number of users that have access to the app in that period.

Commit message:

Add meta description to pages (#36)
* Init meta description logic

* Add overview section descriptions

* Add ai meta descriptions

* Add apps description

* Add auth meta desc

* Add FS meta descriptions

* Add workers meta description

* Add hosting meta desc

* Add KV meta desc

* Add networking to meta desc

* Add UI and drivers meta description

* Add utils meta desc

* Add objects meta desc

* Adjust router logic for updating description

* Update view page as markdown

src/Objects/app.md, after:

---
title: App
description: The app object containing Puter app details.
---

## Attributes

#### `uid` (String)

A string containing the unique identifier of the app. This is a unique identifier generated by Puter when the app is created.

#### `name` (String)

A string containing the name of the app.

#### `icon` (String)

A string containing the Data URL of the icon of the app. This is a base64 encoded image.

#### `description` (String)

A string containing the description of the app.

#### `title` (String)

A string containing the title of the app.

#### `maximize_on_start` (Boolean) (default: `false`)

A boolean value indicating whether the app should be maximized when it is started.

#### `index_url` (String)

A string containing the URL of the index file of the app. This is the file that will be loaded when the app is started.

#### `created_at` (String)

A string containing the date and time when the app was created. The format of the date and time is `YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ`.

#### `background` (Boolean) (default: `false`)

A boolean value indicating whether the app should run in the background. If this is set to `true`.

#### `filetype_associations` (Array)

An array of strings containing the file types that the app can open. Each string should be in the format `".<extension>"` or `"mime/type"`. e.g. `[".txt", "image/png"]`. For a directory association, the string should be `.directory`.

#### `open_count` (Number)

A number containing the number of times the app has been opened. If the `stats_period` option is set to a value other than `all`, this will be the number of times the app has been opened in that period.

#### `user_count` (Number)

A number containing the number of users that have access to the app. If the `stats_period` option is set to a value other than `all`, this will be the number of users that have access to the app in that period.
