src/Objects/fsitem.md, before:


An fsitem object represents a file or a directory in the file system of a Puter. 

## Attributes

#### `id` (String)

A string containing the unique identifier of the item. This is a unique identifier generated by Puter when the item is created.

#### `uid` (String)

This is an alias for `id`.

#### `name` (String)

A string containing the name of the item.

#### `path` (String)

A string containing the path of the item. This is the path of the item relative to the root directory of the file system.

#### `is_dir` (Boolean)

A boolean value indicating whether the item is a directory. If this is set to `true`, the item is a directory. If this is set to `false`, the item is a file.

#### `parent_id` (String)

A string containing the unique identifier of the parent directory of the item.

#### `parent_uid` (String)

This is an alias for `parent_id`.

#### `created` (Integer)

An integer containing the Unix timestamp of the date and time when the item was created.

#### `modified` (Integer)

An integer containing the Unix timestamp of the date and time when the item was last modified.

#### `accessed` (Integer)

An integer containing the Unix timestamp of the date and time when the item was last accessed.


#### `size` (Integer)

An integer containing the size of the item in bytes. If the item is a directory, this will be `null`.


#### `writable` (Boolean)

A boolean value indicating whether the item is writable. If this is set to `true`, the item is writable. If this is set to `false`, the item is not writable. If the item is a directory and `writable` is `false`, it means new items cannot be added to the directory;
however, it is possible that subdirectories may be writable or contain writable files.

Commit message:

Add meta description to pages (#36)
* Init meta description logic

* Add overview section descriptions

* Add ai meta descriptions

* Add apps description

* Add auth meta desc

* Add FS meta descriptions

* Add workers meta description

* Add hosting meta desc

* Add KV meta desc

* Add networking to meta desc

* Add UI and drivers meta description

* Add utils meta desc

* Add objects meta desc

* Adjust router logic for updating description

* Update view page as markdown

src/Objects/fsitem.md, after:

---
title: FSItem
description: An fsitem object represents a file or a directory in the file system of a Puter. 
---


An fsitem object represents a file or a directory in the file system of a Puter. 

## Attributes

#### `id` (String)

A string containing the unique identifier of the item. This is a unique identifier generated by Puter when the item is created.

#### `uid` (String)

This is an alias for `id`.

#### `name` (String)

A string containing the name of the item.

#### `path` (String)

A string containing the path of the item. This is the path of the item relative to the root directory of the file system.

#### `is_dir` (Boolean)

A boolean value indicating whether the item is a directory. If this is set to `true`, the item is a directory. If this is set to `false`, the item is a file.

#### `parent_id` (String)

A string containing the unique identifier of the parent directory of the item.

#### `parent_uid` (String)

This is an alias for `parent_id`.

#### `created` (Integer)

An integer containing the Unix timestamp of the date and time when the item was created.

#### `modified` (Integer)

An integer containing the Unix timestamp of the date and time when the item was last modified.

#### `accessed` (Integer)

An integer containing the Unix timestamp of the date and time when the item was last accessed.


#### `size` (Integer)

An integer containing the size of the item in bytes. If the item is a directory, this will be `null`.


#### `writable` (Boolean)

A boolean value indicating whether the item is writable. If this is set to `true`, the item is writable. If this is set to `false`, the item is not writable. If the item is a directory and `writable` is `false`, it means new items cannot be added to the directory;
however, it is possible that subdirectories may be writable or contain writable files.
