src/Hosting/get.md, before:

Returns a subdomain. If the subdomain does not exist, the promise will be rejected with an error.

## Syntax

```js
puter.hosting.get(subdomain)
```

## Parameters
#### `subdomain` (String) (required)
A string containing the name of the subdomain you want to retrieve.

## Return value
A `Promise` that will resolve to a [`subdomain`](/Objects/subdomain/) object when the subdomain has been retrieved. If a subdomain with the given name does not exist, the promise will be rejected with an error.

## Examples

<strong class="example-title">Get a subdomain</strong>

```html;hosting-get
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        (async () => {
            // (1) Create a random website
            let subdomain = puter.randName();
            const site = await puter.hosting.create(subdomain)
            puter.print(`Website hosted at: ${site.subdomain}.puter.site (This is an empty website with no files)<br>`);

            // (2) Retrieve the website using get()
            const site2 = await puter.hosting.get(site.subdomain);
            puter.print(`Website retrieved: subdomain=${site2.subdomain}.puter.site UID=${site2.uid}<br>`);

            // (3) Delete the website (cleanup)
            await puter.hosting.delete(subdomain);
        })();
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

Commit message:

Add meta description to pages (#36)
* Init meta description logic

* Add overview section descriptions

* Add ai meta descriptions

* Add apps description

* Add auth meta desc

* Add FS meta descriptions

* Add workers meta description

* Add hosting meta desc

* Add KV meta desc

* Add networking to meta desc

* Add UI and drivers meta description

* Add utils meta desc

* Add objects meta desc

* Adjust router logic for updating description

* Update view page as markdown

src/Hosting/get.md, after:

---
title: puter.hosting.get()
description: Get information on a subdomain hosted on Puter.
---

Returns a subdomain. If the subdomain does not exist, the promise will be rejected with an error.

## Syntax

```js
puter.hosting.get(subdomain)
```

## Parameters
#### `subdomain` (String) (required)
A string containing the name of the subdomain you want to retrieve.

## Return value
A `Promise` that will resolve to a [`subdomain`](/Objects/subdomain/) object when the subdomain has been retrieved. If a subdomain with the given name does not exist, the promise will be rejected with an error.

## Examples

<strong class="example-title">Get a subdomain</strong>

```html;hosting-get
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        (async () => {
            // (1) Create a random website
            let subdomain = puter.randName();
            const site = await puter.hosting.create(subdomain)
            puter.print(`Website hosted at: ${site.subdomain}.puter.site (This is an empty website with no files)<br>`);

            // (2) Retrieve the website using get()
            const site2 = await puter.hosting.get(site.subdomain);
            puter.print(`Website retrieved: subdomain=${site2.subdomain}.puter.site UID=${site2.uid}<br>`);

            // (3) Delete the website (cleanup)
            await puter.hosting.delete(subdomain);
        })();
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```
