src/AI/img2txt.md, before:

Given an image will return the text contained in the image. Also known as OCR (Optical Character Recognition), this API can be used to extract text from images of printed text, handwriting, or any other text-based content.

## Syntax
```js
puter.ai.img2txt(image, testMode = false)
```

## Parameters
#### `image` (String|File|Blob) (required)
A string containing the URL, or path (on Puter) of the image you want to recognize, or a `File` or `Blob` object containing the image. 

#### `testMode` (Boolean) (Optional)
A boolean indicating whether you want to use the test API. Defaults to `false`. This is useful for testing your code without using up API credits.

## Return value
A `Promise` that will resolve to a string containing the text contained in the image.

In case of an error, the `Promise` will reject with an error message.

## Examples

<strong class="example-title">Extract the text contained in an image</strong>

```html;ai-img2txt
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        puter.ai.img2txt('https://cdn.handwrytten.com/www/2020/02/home-hero-photo2%402x.png').then(puter.print);
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

Commit message:

Add meta description to pages (#36)
* Init meta description logic

* Add overview section descriptions

* Add ai meta descriptions

* Add apps description

* Add auth meta desc

* Add FS meta descriptions

* Add workers meta description

* Add hosting meta desc

* Add KV meta desc

* Add networking to meta desc

* Add UI and drivers meta description

* Add utils meta desc

* Add objects meta desc

* Adjust router logic for updating description

* Update view page as markdown

src/AI/img2txt.md, after:

---
title: puter.ai.img2txt()
description: Extract text from images using OCR to read printed text, handwriting, and any text-based content.
---

Given an image will return the text contained in the image. Also known as OCR (Optical Character Recognition), this API can be used to extract text from images of printed text, handwriting, or any other text-based content.

## Syntax

```js
puter.ai.img2txt(image, (testMode = false));
```

## Parameters

#### `image` (String|File|Blob) (required)

A string containing the URL, or path (on Puter) of the image you want to recognize, or a `File` or `Blob` object containing the image.

#### `testMode` (Boolean) (Optional)

A boolean indicating whether you want to use the test API. Defaults to `false`. This is useful for testing your code without using up API credits.

## Return value

A `Promise` that will resolve to a string containing the text contained in the image.

In case of an error, the `Promise` will reject with an error message.

## Examples

<strong class="example-title">Extract the text contained in an image</strong>

```html;ai-img2txt
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        puter.ai.img2txt('https://cdn.handwrytten.com/www/2020/02/home-hero-photo2%402x.png').then(puter.print);
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```
