src/Hosting.md, before:

The Puter.js Hosting API enables you to deploy and manage websites on Puter's infrastructure programmatically.

The API provides comprehensive hosting management features including creating, retrieving, listing, updating, and deleting deployments. With these capabilities, you can build powerful applications, such as website builders, static site generators, or deployment tools that require programmatic control over hosting infrastructure.

## Features

<div style="overflow:hidden; margin-bottom: 30px;">
    <div class="example-group active" data-section="create"><span>Create Hosting</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="list"><span>List Hosting</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="delete"><span>Delete Hosting</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="update"><span>Update Hosting</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="get"><span>Get Information</span></div>
</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="create" style="display:block;">

#### Create a simple website displaying "Hello world!"

```html;hosting-create
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        (async () => {
            // (1) Create a random directory
            let dirName = puter.randName();
            await puter.fs.mkdir(dirName)

            // (2) Create 'index.html' in the directory with the contents "Hello, world!"
            await puter.fs.write(`${dirName}/index.html`, '<h1>Hello, world!</h1>');

            // (3) Host the directory under a random subdomain
            let subdomain = puter.randName();
            const site = await puter.hosting.create(subdomain, dirName)

            puter.print(`Website hosted at: <a href="https://${site.subdomain}.puter.site" target="_blank">https://${site.subdomain}.puter.site</a>`);
        })();
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="list">

#### Create 3 random websites and then list them

```html;hosting-list
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        (async () => {
            // (1) Generate 3 random subdomains
            let site_1 = puter.randName();
            let site_2 = puter.randName();
            let site_3 = puter.randName();

            // (2) Create 3 empty websites with the subdomains we generated
            await puter.hosting.create(site_1);
            await puter.hosting.create(site_2);
            await puter.hosting.create(site_3);

            // (3) Get all subdomains
            let sites = await puter.hosting.list();

            // (4) Display the names of the websites
            puter.print(sites.map(site => site.subdomain));

            // Delete all sites (cleanup)
            await puter.hosting.delete(site_1);
            await puter.hosting.delete(site_2);
            await puter.hosting.delete(site_3);
        })();
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="delete">

#### Create a random website then delete it

```html;hosting-delete
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        (async () => {
            // (1) Create a random website
            let subdomain = puter.randName();
            const site = await puter.hosting.create(subdomain)
            puter.print(`Website hosted at: ${site.subdomain}.puter.site (This is an empty website with no files)<br>`);

            // (2) Delete the website using delete()
            const site2 = await puter.hosting.delete(site.subdomain);
            puter.print('Website deleted<br>');

            // (3) Try to retrieve the website (should fail)
            puter.print('Trying to retrieve website... (should fail)<br>');
            try {
                await puter.hosting.get(site.subdomain);
            } catch (e) {
                puter.print('Website could not be retrieved<br>');
            }
        })();
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="update">

#### Update a subdomain to point to a new directory

```html;hosting-update
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        (async () => {
            // (1) Create a random website
            let subdomain = puter.randName();
            const site = await puter.hosting.create(subdomain)
            puter.print(`Website hosted at: ${site.subdomain}.puter.site<br>`);

            // (2) Create a random directory
            let dirName = puter.randName();
            let dir = await puter.fs.mkdir(dirName)
            puter.print(`Created directory "${dir.path}"<br>`);

            // (3) Update the site with the new random directory
            await puter.hosting.update(subdomain, dirName)
            puter.print(`Changed subdomain's root directory to "${dir.path}"<br>`);

            // (4) Delete the app (cleanup)
            await puter.hosting.delete(updatedSite.subdomain)
        })();
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="get">

#### Get a subdomain

```html;hosting-get
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        (async () => {
            // (1) Create a random website
            let subdomain = puter.randName();
            const site = await puter.hosting.create(subdomain)
            puter.print(`Website hosted at: ${site.subdomain}.puter.site (This is an empty website with no files)<br>`);

            // (2) Retrieve the website using get()
            const site2 = await puter.hosting.get(site.subdomain);
            puter.print(`Website retrieved: subdomain=${site2.subdomain}.puter.site UID=${site2.uid}<br>`);

            // (3) Delete the website (cleanup)
            await puter.hosting.delete(subdomain);
        })();
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

## Functions

These hosting features are supported out of the box when using Puter.js:

- **[`puter.hosting.create()`](/Hosting/create/)** - Create a new hosting deployment
- **[`puter.hosting.list()`](/Hosting/list/)** - List all hosting deployments
- **[`puter.hosting.delete()`](/Hosting/delete/)** - Delete a hosting deployment
- **[`puter.hosting.update()`](/Hosting/update/)** - Update hosting settings
- **[`puter.hosting.get()`](/Hosting/get/)** - Get information about a specific deployment

## Examples

You can see various Puter.js hosting features in action from the following examples:

- [Create a simple website displaying "Hello world!"](/playground/?example=hosting-create)
- [Create 3 random websites and then list them](/playground/?example=hosting-list)
- [Create a random website then delete it](/playground/?example=hosting-delete)
- [Update a subdomain to point to a new directory](/playground/?example=hosting-update)
- [Retrieve information about a subdomain](/playground/?example=hosting-get)

Commit message:

Add meta description to pages (#36)
* Init meta description logic

* Add overview section descriptions

* Add ai meta descriptions

* Add apps description

* Add auth meta desc

* Add FS meta descriptions

* Add workers meta description

* Add hosting meta desc

* Add KV meta desc

* Add networking to meta desc

* Add UI and drivers meta description

* Add utils meta desc

* Add objects meta desc

* Adjust router logic for updating description

* Update view page as markdown

src/Hosting.md, after:

---
title: Hosting
description: Deploy and manage websites on Puter.
---

The Puter.js Hosting API enables you to deploy and manage websites on Puter's infrastructure programmatically.

The API provides comprehensive hosting management features including creating, retrieving, listing, updating, and deleting deployments. With these capabilities, you can build powerful applications, such as website builders, static site generators, or deployment tools that require programmatic control over hosting infrastructure.

## Features

<div style="overflow:hidden; margin-bottom: 30px;">
    <div class="example-group active" data-section="create"><span>Create Hosting</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="list"><span>List Hosting</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="delete"><span>Delete Hosting</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="update"><span>Update Hosting</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="get"><span>Get Information</span></div>
</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="create" style="display:block;">

#### Create a simple website displaying "Hello world!"

```html;hosting-create
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        (async () => {
            // (1) Create a random directory
            let dirName = puter.randName();
            await puter.fs.mkdir(dirName)

            // (2) Create 'index.html' in the directory with the contents "Hello, world!"
            await puter.fs.write(`${dirName}/index.html`, '<h1>Hello, world!</h1>');

            // (3) Host the directory under a random subdomain
            let subdomain = puter.randName();
            const site = await puter.hosting.create(subdomain, dirName)

            puter.print(`Website hosted at: <a href="https://${site.subdomain}.puter.site" target="_blank">https://${site.subdomain}.puter.site</a>`);
        })();
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="list">

#### Create 3 random websites and then list them

```html;hosting-list
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        (async () => {
            // (1) Generate 3 random subdomains
            let site_1 = puter.randName();
            let site_2 = puter.randName();
            let site_3 = puter.randName();

            // (2) Create 3 empty websites with the subdomains we generated
            await puter.hosting.create(site_1);
            await puter.hosting.create(site_2);
            await puter.hosting.create(site_3);

            // (3) Get all subdomains
            let sites = await puter.hosting.list();

            // (4) Display the names of the websites
            puter.print(sites.map(site => site.subdomain));

            // Delete all sites (cleanup)
            await puter.hosting.delete(site_1);
            await puter.hosting.delete(site_2);
            await puter.hosting.delete(site_3);
        })();
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="delete">

#### Create a random website then delete it

```html;hosting-delete
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        (async () => {
            // (1) Create a random website
            let subdomain = puter.randName();
            const site = await puter.hosting.create(subdomain)
            puter.print(`Website hosted at: ${site.subdomain}.puter.site (This is an empty website with no files)<br>`);

            // (2) Delete the website using delete()
            const site2 = await puter.hosting.delete(site.subdomain);
            puter.print('Website deleted<br>');

            // (3) Try to retrieve the website (should fail)
            puter.print('Trying to retrieve website... (should fail)<br>');
            try {
                await puter.hosting.get(site.subdomain);
            } catch (e) {
                puter.print('Website could not be retrieved<br>');
            }
        })();
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="update">

#### Update a subdomain to point to a new directory

```html;hosting-update
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        (async () => {
            // (1) Create a random website
            let subdomain = puter.randName();
            const site = await puter.hosting.create(subdomain)
            puter.print(`Website hosted at: ${site.subdomain}.puter.site<br>`);

            // (2) Create a random directory
            let dirName = puter.randName();
            let dir = await puter.fs.mkdir(dirName)
            puter.print(`Created directory "${dir.path}"<br>`);

            // (3) Update the site with the new random directory
            await puter.hosting.update(subdomain, dirName)
            puter.print(`Changed subdomain's root directory to "${dir.path}"<br>`);

            // (4) Delete the app (cleanup)
            await puter.hosting.delete(updatedSite.subdomain)
        })();
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="get">

#### Get a subdomain

```html;hosting-get
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
        (async () => {
            // (1) Create a random website
            let subdomain = puter.randName();
            const site = await puter.hosting.create(subdomain)
            puter.print(`Website hosted at: ${site.subdomain}.puter.site (This is an empty website with no files)<br>`);

            // (2) Retrieve the website using get()
            const site2 = await puter.hosting.get(site.subdomain);
            puter.print(`Website retrieved: subdomain=${site2.subdomain}.puter.site UID=${site2.uid}<br>`);

            // (3) Delete the website (cleanup)
            await puter.hosting.delete(subdomain);
        })();
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

## Functions

These hosting features are supported out of the box when using Puter.js:

- **[`puter.hosting.create()`](/Hosting/create/)** - Create a new hosting deployment
- **[`puter.hosting.list()`](/Hosting/list/)** - List all hosting deployments
- **[`puter.hosting.delete()`](/Hosting/delete/)** - Delete a hosting deployment
- **[`puter.hosting.update()`](/Hosting/update/)** - Update hosting settings
- **[`puter.hosting.get()`](/Hosting/get/)** - Get information about a specific deployment

## Examples

You can see various Puter.js hosting features in action from the following examples:

- [Create a simple website displaying "Hello world!"](/playground/?example=hosting-create)
- [Create 3 random websites and then list them](/playground/?example=hosting-list)
- [Create a random website then delete it](/playground/?example=hosting-delete)
- [Update a subdomain to point to a new directory](/playground/?example=hosting-update)
- [Retrieve information about a subdomain](/playground/?example=hosting-get)
