src/Networking.md, before:

The Puter.js Networking API lets you establish network connections directly from your frontend without requiring a server or a proxy, effectively giving you a full-featured networking API in the browser.

`puter.net` provides both low-level socket connections via TCP socket and TLS socket, and high-level HTTP client functionality, such as `fetch`. One of the major benefits of `puter.net` is that it allows you to bypass CORS restrictions entirely, making it a powerful tool for developing web applications that need to make requests to external APIs.

## Features

<div style="overflow:hidden; margin-bottom: 30px;">
    <div class="example-group active" data-section="fetch"><span>Fetch</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="socket"><span>Socket</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="tlssocket"><span>TLS Socket</span></div>
</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="fetch" style="display:block;">

#### Fetch a resource without CORS restrictions

```html;net-fetch
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
    (async () => {
        // Send a GET request to example.com
        const request = await puter.net.fetch("https://example.com");

        // Get the response body as text
        const body = await request.text();

        // Print the body as a code block
        puter.print(body, { code: true });
    })()
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="socket">

#### Connect to a server and print the response

```html;net-basic
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
    const socket = new puter.net.Socket("example.com", 80);
    socket.on("open", () => {
        socket.write("GET / HTTP/1.1\r\nHost: example.com\r\n\r\n");
    })
    const decoder = new TextDecoder();
    socket.on("data", (data) => {
        puter.print(decoder.decode(data), { code: true });
    })
    socket.on("error", (reason) => {
        puter.print("Socket errored with the following reason: ", reason);
    })
    socket.on("close", (hadError)=> {
        puter.print("Socket closed. Was there an error? ", hadError);
    })
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="tlssocket">

#### Connect to a server with TLS and print the response

```html;net-tls
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
    const socket = new puter.net.tls.TLSSocket("example.com", 443);
    socket.on("open", () => {
        socket.write("GET / HTTP/1.1\r\nHost: example.com\r\n\r\n");
    })
    const decoder = new TextDecoder();
    socket.on("data", (data) => {
        puter.print(decoder.decode(data), { code: true });
    })
    socket.on("error", (reason) => {
        puter.print("Socket errored with the following reason: ", reason);
    })
    socket.on("close", (hadError)=> {
        puter.print("Socket closed. Was there an error? ", hadError);
    })
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

## Functions

These networking features are supported out of the box when using Puter.js:

- **[`puter.net.fetch()`](/Networking/fetch/)** - Make HTTP requests
- **[`puter.net.Socket()`](/Networking/Socket/)** - Create TCP socket connections
- **[`puter.net.TLSSocket()`](/Networking/TLSSocket/)** - Create secure TLS socket connections

## Examples

You can see various Puter.js networking features in action from the following examples:

- [Basic TCP Socket](/playground/?example=net-basic)
- [TLS Socket](/playground/?example=net-tls)
- [Fetch](/playground/?example=net-fetch)

## Tutorials

- [How to Bypass CORS Restrictions](https://developer.puter.com/tutorials/cors-free-fetch-api/)

Commit message:

Add meta description to pages (#36)
* Init meta description logic

* Add overview section descriptions

* Add ai meta descriptions

* Add apps description

* Add auth meta desc

* Add FS meta descriptions

* Add workers meta description

* Add hosting meta desc

* Add KV meta desc

* Add networking to meta desc

* Add UI and drivers meta description

* Add utils meta desc

* Add objects meta desc

* Adjust router logic for updating description

* Update view page as markdown

src/Networking.md, after:

---
title: Networking
description: Establish network connections directly from the frontend without a server or proxy.
---

The Puter.js Networking API lets you establish network connections directly from your frontend without requiring a server or a proxy, effectively giving you a full-featured networking API in the browser.

`puter.net` provides both low-level socket connections via TCP socket and TLS socket, and high-level HTTP client functionality, such as `fetch`. One of the major benefits of `puter.net` is that it allows you to bypass CORS restrictions entirely, making it a powerful tool for developing web applications that need to make requests to external APIs.

## Features

<div style="overflow:hidden; margin-bottom: 30px;">
    <div class="example-group active" data-section="fetch"><span>Fetch</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="socket"><span>Socket</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="tlssocket"><span>TLS Socket</span></div>
</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="fetch" style="display:block;">

#### Fetch a resource without CORS restrictions

```html;net-fetch
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
    (async () => {
        // Send a GET request to example.com
        const request = await puter.net.fetch("https://example.com");

        // Get the response body as text
        const body = await request.text();

        // Print the body as a code block
        puter.print(body, { code: true });
    })()
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="socket">

#### Connect to a server and print the response

```html;net-basic
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
    const socket = new puter.net.Socket("example.com", 80);
    socket.on("open", () => {
        socket.write("GET / HTTP/1.1\r\nHost: example.com\r\n\r\n");
    })
    const decoder = new TextDecoder();
    socket.on("data", (data) => {
        puter.print(decoder.decode(data), { code: true });
    })
    socket.on("error", (reason) => {
        puter.print("Socket errored with the following reason: ", reason);
    })
    socket.on("close", (hadError)=> {
        puter.print("Socket closed. Was there an error? ", hadError);
    })
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="tlssocket">

#### Connect to a server with TLS and print the response

```html;net-tls
<html>
<body>
    <script src="https://js.puter.com/v2/"></script>
    <script>
    const socket = new puter.net.tls.TLSSocket("example.com", 443);
    socket.on("open", () => {
        socket.write("GET / HTTP/1.1\r\nHost: example.com\r\n\r\n");
    })
    const decoder = new TextDecoder();
    socket.on("data", (data) => {
        puter.print(decoder.decode(data), { code: true });
    })
    socket.on("error", (reason) => {
        puter.print("Socket errored with the following reason: ", reason);
    })
    socket.on("close", (hadError)=> {
        puter.print("Socket closed. Was there an error? ", hadError);
    })
    </script>
</body>
</html>
```

</div>

## Functions

These networking features are supported out of the box when using Puter.js:

- **[`puter.net.fetch()`](/Networking/fetch/)** - Make HTTP requests
- **[`puter.net.Socket()`](/Networking/Socket/)** - Create TCP socket connections
- **[`puter.net.TLSSocket()`](/Networking/TLSSocket/)** - Create secure TLS socket connections

## Examples

You can see various Puter.js networking features in action from the following examples:

- [Basic TCP Socket](/playground/?example=net-basic)
- [TLS Socket](/playground/?example=net-tls)
- [Fetch](/playground/?example=net-fetch)

## Tutorials

- [How to Bypass CORS Restrictions](https://developer.puter.com/tutorials/cors-free-fetch-api/)
