src/user-pays-model.md, before:

The User-Pays Model means your users cover their own cloud and AI usage. Instead of you, as a developer, paying for servers and APIs, users bring and pay for their own AI, storage and other features you've built into your application, making your app practically free to run!

When users interact with your Puter.js-powered apps, they handle their own resource consumption. This means you can include powerful features without worrying about the costs; whether you have 1 or 1 million users, you pay nothing for the infrastructure to run your application.

<br><br>

# Advantages of the User-Pays Model

## 1. Zero Server, AI, and APIs Costs

The most significant advantage is that, as a developer, you don't pay any infrastructure costs when using Puter.js. Whether your app serves one user or one million users, your costs remain the same: zero. Practically infinite scalability at no cost.

## 2. No API Keys Needed

The User-Pays Model makes true serverless architecture a reality. You don't need to:
- Manage various AI and cloud services
- Worry about securing your API keys usage
- Ask users to bring their own API keys


## 3. Built-in Security

The authentication and authorization are handled by Puter's infrastructure:
- Users authenticate directly with Puter
- Your app operates within the permissions granted by the user
- Data is protected through Puter's security mechanisms

## 4. No Anti-Abuse Implementation Required

You don't need to implement:
- Rate limiting
- CAPTCHA verification
- IP blocking
- Usage quotas
- Fraud detection

Bad actors have no incentive to abuse the system because they are paying for their own usage.

## 5. Simpler Codebase

Since cloud, AI, and other APIs are all handled through Puter.js:
- Your codebase is significantly simpler
- You can focus entirely on your application's unique functionality
- Frontend-only development is possible for many applications

## 6. Simplified User Experience

For your users:
- Single sign-on through Puter
- Unified billing through their existing Puter account
- No need to create accounts with multiple service providers

<br>

## Everybody wins!

The User-Pays Model enables you to build advanced applications with AI, cloud storage, and auth, all from the frontend, without worrying about infrastructure, security, or scaling. It's a win-win situation where developers can ship without the cloud services costs, and users only covering for what they use.

Commit message:

Add user pays vs traditional model section (#14)
* Init add user pays vs traditional model section

* Simplify wording

src/user-pays-model.md, after:

The User-Pays Model means your users cover their own cloud and AI usage. Instead of you, as a developer, paying for servers and APIs, users bring and pay for their own AI, storage and other features you've built into your application, making your app practically free to run!

When users interact with your Puter.js-powered apps, they handle their own resource consumption. This means you can include powerful features without worrying about the costs; whether you have 1 or 1 million users, you pay nothing for the infrastructure to run your application.

## User-Pays Model vs. Traditional Model

With traditional model of building applications, you have to set up servers, databases, and cloud services before you even launch. If you use cloud services like AWS or Google Cloud, you have to configure those, manage API keys, and set up billing.

Puter.js with user-pays model solves this, so you can build applications without worrying about server bills, scaling costs, or usage spikes.

## Advantages of the User-Pays Model

**1. Zero Server, AI, and APIs Costs**

The most significant advantage is that, as a developer, you don't pay any infrastructure costs when using Puter.js. Whether your app serves one user or one million users, your costs remain the same: zero. Practically infinite scalability at no cost.

**2. No API Keys Needed**

The User-Pays Model makes true serverless architecture a reality. You don't need to:

- Manage various AI and cloud services
- Worry about securing your API keys usage
- Ask users to bring their own API keys

**3. Built-in Security**

The authentication and authorization are handled by Puter's infrastructure:

- Users authenticate directly with Puter
- Your app operates within the permissions granted by the user
- Data is protected through Puter's security mechanisms

**4. No Anti-Abuse Implementation Required**

You don't need to implement:

- Rate limiting
- CAPTCHA verification
- IP blocking
- Usage quotas
- Fraud detection

Bad actors have no incentive to abuse the system because they are paying for their own usage.

**5. Simpler Codebase**

Since cloud, AI, and other APIs are all handled through Puter.js:

- Your codebase is significantly simpler
- You can focus entirely on your application's unique functionality
- Frontend-only development is possible for many applications

**6. Simplified User Experience**

For your users:

- Single sign-on through Puter
- Unified billing through their existing Puter account
- No need to create accounts with multiple service providers

<br>

## Everybody wins!

The User-Pays Model enables you to build advanced applications with AI, cloud storage, and auth, all from the frontend, without worrying about infrastructure, security, or scaling. It's a win-win situation where developers can ship without the cloud services costs, and users only covering for what they use.
