src/Workers.md, before:

Serverless Workers are serverless functions that run JavaScript code in the cloud.

## Router

Workers use a router-based system to handle HTTP requests and can integrate with Puter's cloud services like file storage, key-value databases, and AI APIs. Workers are perfect for building backend services, REST APIs, webhooks, and data processing pipelines.

### Examples

<div style="overflow:hidden; margin-bottom: 30px;">
    <div class="example-group active" data-section="hello"><span>Hello World</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="json"><span>POST request</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="url-params"><span>URL Parameters</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="json-resp"><span>JSON Response</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="integration"><span>Puter.js API Integration</span></div>
</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="hello" style="display:block;">

#### Simple GET endpoint

```js
// Simple GET endpoint
router.get("/api/hello", async ({ request }) => {
  return { message: "Hello, World!" };
});
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="json">

#### Handle POST request and get JSON body

```js
router.post("/api/user", async ({ request }) => {
  // Get JSON body
  const body = await request.json();
  return { processed: true };
});
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="url-params">

#### Using `:paramName` in route path to capture dynamic segments

```js
// Dynamic route with parameters
router.get("/api/posts/:category/:id", async ({ request, params }) => {
  const { category, id } = params;
  return { category, id };
});
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="json-resp">

#### Return JSON response

```js
router.get("/api/simple", async ({ request }) => {
  return { status: "ok" }; // Automatically converted to JSON
});
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="integration">

#### Integrate with any Puter.js API

```js
router.post("/api/kv/set", async ({ request }) => {
  const { key, value } = await request.json();

  if (!key || value === undefined) {
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ error: "Key and value required" }), {
      status: 400,
      headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" },
    });
  }

  await me.puter.kv.set("myscope_" + key, value); // add a mandatory prefix so this wont blindly read the KV of the user's other data
  return { saved: true, key };
});

router.get("/api/kv/get/:key", async ({ request, params }) => {
  const key = params.key;
  const value = await me.puter.kv.get("myscope_" + key); // use the same prefix

  if (!value) {
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ error: "Key not found" }), {
      status: 404,
      headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" },
    });
  }

  return { key, value: value };
});
```

</div>

### Object

- **[`router`](/Workers/router/)** - The router object for handling HTTP requests

## Workers API

In addition, the Puter.js Workers API lets you create, manage, and execute these workers programmatically. The API provides comprehensive management features including create, delete, list, get, and execute worker.

### Functions

These workers management features are supported out of the box when using Puter.js:

- **[`puter.workers.create()`](/Workers/create/)** - Create a new worker
- **[`puter.workers.delete()`](/Workers/delete/)** - Delete a worker
- **[`puter.workers.list()`](/Workers/list/)** - List all workers
- **[`puter.workers.get()`](/Workers/get/)** - Get information about a specific worker
- **[`puter.workers.exec()`](/Workers/exec/)** - Execute a worker

### Examples

You can see various Puter.js workers management features in action from the following examples:

- [Create a worker](/playground/?example=workers-create)
- [List workers](/playground/?example=workers-list)
- [Get a worker](/playground/?example=workers-get)
- [Workers Management](/playground/?example=workers-management)
- [Authenticated Worker Requests](/playground/?example=workers-exec)

Commit message:

Add meta description to pages (#36)
* Init meta description logic

* Add overview section descriptions

* Add ai meta descriptions

* Add apps description

* Add auth meta desc

* Add FS meta descriptions

* Add workers meta description

* Add hosting meta desc

* Add KV meta desc

* Add networking to meta desc

* Add UI and drivers meta description

* Add utils meta desc

* Add objects meta desc

* Adjust router logic for updating description

* Update view page as markdown

src/Workers.md, after:

---
title: Serverless Workers
description: Run and manage serverless JavaScript funcitons in the cloud.
---

Serverless Workers are serverless functions that run JavaScript code in the cloud.

## Router

Workers use a router-based system to handle HTTP requests and can integrate with Puter's cloud services like file storage, key-value databases, and AI APIs. Workers are perfect for building backend services, REST APIs, webhooks, and data processing pipelines.

### Examples

<div style="overflow:hidden; margin-bottom: 30px;">
    <div class="example-group active" data-section="hello"><span>Hello World</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="json"><span>POST request</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="url-params"><span>URL Parameters</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="json-resp"><span>JSON Response</span></div>
    <div class="example-group" data-section="integration"><span>Puter.js API Integration</span></div>
</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="hello" style="display:block;">

#### Simple GET endpoint

```js
// Simple GET endpoint
router.get("/api/hello", async ({ request }) => {
  return { message: "Hello, World!" };
});
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="json">

#### Handle POST request and get JSON body

```js
router.post("/api/user", async ({ request }) => {
  // Get JSON body
  const body = await request.json();
  return { processed: true };
});
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="url-params">

#### Using `:paramName` in route path to capture dynamic segments

```js
// Dynamic route with parameters
router.get("/api/posts/:category/:id", async ({ request, params }) => {
  const { category, id } = params;
  return { category, id };
});
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="json-resp">

#### Return JSON response

```js
router.get("/api/simple", async ({ request }) => {
  return { status: "ok" }; // Automatically converted to JSON
});
```

</div>

<div class="example-content" data-section="integration">

#### Integrate with any Puter.js API

```js
router.post("/api/kv/set", async ({ request }) => {
  const { key, value } = await request.json();

  if (!key || value === undefined) {
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ error: "Key and value required" }), {
      status: 400,
      headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" },
    });
  }

  await me.puter.kv.set("myscope_" + key, value); // add a mandatory prefix so this wont blindly read the KV of the user's other data
  return { saved: true, key };
});

router.get("/api/kv/get/:key", async ({ request, params }) => {
  const key = params.key;
  const value = await me.puter.kv.get("myscope_" + key); // use the same prefix

  if (!value) {
    return new Response(JSON.stringify({ error: "Key not found" }), {
      status: 404,
      headers: { "Content-Type": "application/json" },
    });
  }

  return { key, value: value };
});
```

</div>

### Object

- **[`router`](/Workers/router/)** - The router object for handling HTTP requests

## Workers API

In addition, the Puter.js Workers API lets you create, manage, and execute these workers programmatically. The API provides comprehensive management features including create, delete, list, get, and execute worker.

### Functions

These workers management features are supported out of the box when using Puter.js:

- **[`puter.workers.create()`](/Workers/create/)** - Create a new worker
- **[`puter.workers.delete()`](/Workers/delete/)** - Delete a worker
- **[`puter.workers.list()`](/Workers/list/)** - List all workers
- **[`puter.workers.get()`](/Workers/get/)** - Get information about a specific worker
- **[`puter.workers.exec()`](/Workers/exec/)** - Execute a worker

### Examples

You can see various Puter.js workers management features in action from the following examples:

- [Create a worker](/playground/?example=workers-create)
- [List workers](/playground/?example=workers-list)
- [Get a worker](/playground/?example=workers-get)
- [Workers Management](/playground/?example=workers-management)
- [Authenticated Worker Requests](/playground/?example=workers-exec)
